Many veterans suffer from mental and physical health-related problems since they participated in a war.    In order to reward their sacrifice, many countries provide veterans with various benefits and welfare. However, quite a few  veterans have failed to prove their status due to loss of military records. For the veterans whose service records are not recognized,  some governments allow the verification of the veterans through "buddy statements" from the people who can vouch for the buddy's participation in the war. However, it is still challenging for veterans to find guarantors who can write the buddy statements, because it has been a long time since the war broke out and many of their buddies died. With this background, this study utilizes historical war records to increase the  a group of potential guarantors for the buddy statements in a data-driven way via graph neural networks (GNN). We construct a combined operation network among troops in the war which might include many missing edges data and perturbations on the attributes of the troop. Then we predict missing linkages among the troops that might have interacted together in the war. We propose a robust SEAL (learning from Subgraphs, Embeddings, and Attributes for Link prediction) by combining two existing GNN architectures, robust GCN which takes into account the uncertainty of node attributes caused by their perturbations with a probabilistic approach, and SEAL which helps to improve expressive power of the GNN with a labeling trick and shows state-of-the-art link prediction results. Our proposed approach was applied to Korean War data to learn from a combined unit operations network where death statistics per unit can be contaminated with noise and some combined operation records are missing. The experimental results show that the recommendation performance of the proposed approach is superior to the other baseline models in terms of NDCG (Normalized Discounted Cumulative Gain).
